same as in the if this is your state taxes hello we have or if you're
in the state not working in the state that you reside in your home correct
so this is from my own record was New York City or is the problem
so we are safe then I what New York for fifteen years I was not
in New York so for fifteen years I didn't pay stating that it depends
on your whole record you need to be familiar with that and I would
check the fact is also when you retire some states do not tax military
edges New York state well it's not tax able to root for so I don't
mind sorry right now mon that happened because of what outside of
the city so that's a good thing to look at two is you know where you
survey last four oh and if you're serving overseas there are exceptions
for federal tax to so it went out ask your distortion also bill
he or she will be out that